activate-polyfills guide (#1476)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/web5/build/decentralized-web-nodes/web5-connect.mdx

<br />

## Examples
Below are examples of how to use `Web5.connect()` with or without additional option parameters.

##### Connect with no parameters
<CodeSnippet functionName="createDidAutomatically" />

##### Connect to a Community Node Instance

> This instance hosted by Google and DIF provide a reliable staging environment for apps. Note: data on your DWN stays encrypted and in your control.

Reviewer: Do we need to explain what a Community Node is, how access/permissions work, or link to any other documentation/references?

Author: at first a link wasn't live but now it is, so i can add more details! thanks!

<br />

## Examples
Below are examples of how to use `Web5.connect()` with or without additional option parameters.

##### Connect with no parameters
<CodeSnippet functionName="createDidAutomatically" />

##### Connect to a Community Node Instance

> Use up to 1GB of free storage on a Community DWN instance hosted by [Google and the Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF)](https://identity.foundation/dwn/) for staging environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use up to 1GB of free storage on a Community DWN instance hosted by [Google and the Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF)](https://identity.foundation/dwn/) for non-production environments.
```
